add patchview to nwb tools gallery (#70)
NeurodataWithoutBorders/nwb-overview: docs/source/tools/patchview/patchview.rst

.. _analysistools-patchview:

PatchView
----------

.. short_description_start

:ref:`analysistools-patchview` is a GUI tool to perform data analysis and visualization on multi channel whole-cell recording (multi-patch) data, including firing pattern analysis, mini-event analysis, synaptic connection detection, morphological analysis and more.
:bdg-link-primary:`Documentation <https://patchview.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest>`
:bdg-link-primary:`Source <https://github.com/ZeitgeberH/patchview>`
:bdg-link-primary:`Publication <https://joss.theoj.org/papers/10.21105/joss.04706>`

.. short_description_end

.. image:: patchview.png
    :class: align-center
    :width: 600

-----

NWB (NeurodataWithoutBorders) APIs
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> PatchView read Heka or Axon file format for patch-clamp data, and use `pynwb <https://github.com/NeurodataWithoutBorders/pynwb>`_ to exports to NWB files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PatchView reads Heka or Axon format files for patch-clamp data, and uses `PyNWB <https://github.com/NeurodataWithoutBorders/pynwb>`_ to export to NWB files.
```

> Code snippet shows how to convert data from original Heka .dat file into an extended `NWBFile` object, query the content and generate a visualization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code snippet below shows how to convert data from an original Heka .dat file to an extended `NWBFile` object, query the content, and generate a visualization.
```

Author: Looks good. Thanks for the edit!
